[Music]
the first thing you need to know before
going into grip shift
is that it's not a simple racer it
manages to bring aspects from both
platforming and puzzle games as well
to create something entirely unique that
it can call its own
the experience is broken up into a set
of challenges races and minigames with
the challenges providing the bulk of the
gameplay each one usually consists of
around three separate tasks in which to
complete
such as beating a set time collecting
stars or finding hidden items
as you progress each track gets
increasingly more difficult in which to
navigate and once you're done with that
option there are a range of minigames in
which to get stuck into as well
which soon become one of the finest
aspects of the game but what truly
steals the show has to be the intricate
and well thought out track editor that
essentially gives you a never-ending
cache of content to consume
all in all grip shift is one hell of a
game that should be part of
any psp on this collection
hammering hero sees players assuming the
role of genn a young carpenter who is
intent on stopping some rather
troublesome locals from creating havoc
in his town now the game is presented in
levels which are all bite-sized in their
execution
making hammering hero the perfect
handheld experience for those wanting
something easy to pick up and play
whilst on the go it's essentially a
side-scrolling platformer with genn
being armed with a hammer which soon
becomes the standard way in which to
take on enemies as well as several
powers which are all tied to jobs they
can all be selected at the start of each
level and the more levels you complete
the more jobs become available which
will see
then taken up several different roles
such as a baseball player
a dj and even a chef now all of these
roles come with new moves and abilities
which manage to keep the gameplay
feeling
fresh throughout the adventure visually
hammering hero is stunning the lush and
detailed backdrops all depict various
areas of the vibrant town with each npc
and enemy you encounter also receiving
the same level of love and care if
hammering hero passed you by and you
were looking for something easy to pick
up and play it would be a great choice
[Music]
street supremacy is a handheld port of
the tokyo extreme racer series and
manages to bring with it
everything that makes its home console
counterpart one of the finest arcade
racers to ever release
as you would expect due to the portable
nature of the system the visuals have
taken a bit of a hit but the minutemen
of gameplay is intact and this is the
real star of the show the map lends a
lot from tokyo xtreme racer 3 with a lot
of the locations presented in that game
making an appearance from the c1 loop to
yokohama there's a real diverse set of
locations on offer which makes racing
through reach
all the more enjoyable as a street racer
you start out with a limited amount of
credits and must acquire a car in which
to challenge rivals with upon completing
these challenges you'll receive currency
which can then be spent
on further upgrading your vehicle or
buying a new one altogether but the main
goal is to essentially take over tokyo
by overcoming each racing team that
occupies one of the several zones that
make up the city
in all honesty it won't take place long
in order to complete this central
objective but with a ton of side
activities on offer as well there is
plenty here to keep you busy
every extend extra is a sort of puzzle
shooter that tasks players with
overcoming a huge variety of levels that
manage to take
many aspects from a variety of genres
and mix them together in its own unique
way now you command a ship
with one ability that being to simply
detonate yourself
and start a series of explosions that
lead to gaining high scores
upon exploding yourself anything that is
caught in the radius then itself
detonates as well
and forms a chain reaction the goal soon
becomes apparent that finding the right
position on screen
in which to explode is key and when the
right moment presents itself these chain
reactions that you initiate
can go on for quite some time and get
into grips with it early on
is essential in order to overcome some
of the more challenging boss encounters
that soon become a real highlight of the
game now it won't be for everyone but
for those looking for something
completely different
it deserves a playthrough
what did i do to deserve this my lord is
a strategy game that sees players taking
on the role of a god of destruction that
must dig out a two-dimensional dungeon
make it thrive by populating it with
hordes of monsters and then
fight off the invading heroes but why
are you doing this primarily to protect
the partially psychotic overlord batman
from the several forces fighting for his
capture
now the premise is entirely passable but
it does nothing to detract from what the
experience gets right
and that is the downright addictive
gameplay now it does have quite a steep
learning curve but after
playing through the tutorials and having
a bit of time with the game it will soon
all become second nature
your job is to essentially not only dip
dungeons but to manage its ecosystem as
well
each of the monsters you uncover have
wants and needs and you have to make
sure that all of them are met
to ensure that they thrive every piece
of soil you dig up has a nutrient
ranking the more nutritious the soil the
stronger the monsters will be that come
out when you dig them up
it's a neat little system that will
manage to continually keep you on your
toes throughout the duration of each run
so if you're looking for a unique
strategy game on the psp
what did i do to deserve this my lord
well and truly deserves a playthrough
arms is a first person shooter that
takes place well into the future where
it is now possible to connect the mind
to a computer network
because of this the game takes place in
a sort of virtual reality known as
ada that continually generates enemies
and environments for those that enter
now let's get the obvious out of the way
due to the limited amount of input
options the psp facilitates it can be
quite awkward at first trying to get
used to the controls but to alleviate
this problem you can fully customize the
controller options that allow you to
cater it to your style of play because
of this getting around in coded arms
instantly becomes a lot more manageable
and it's all about for it with the wide
range of weapons from shotguns machine
guns and grenades there is always plenty
of options at your fingertips when it
comes to dealing with the various
enemies
each location is randomly generated
which really helps the overall replay
value of the game as one run is never
the same as the last
because of this poded arms is a game
that will just keep on giving
so if you're a fan of the genre this one
is a no-brainer
[Music]
deadhead fred sees you taken up the role
of a recently deceased detective named
fred
after rubbing a mobster the wrong way he
winds up dead but thanks to the efforts
of the kingpin's
resident mad scientist he is revived and
goes off on a head-hunting journey
spanning a range of locations that have
recently been overrun by the undead
now the narrative presented won't win
any awards but it does facilitate the
gameplay which is the main aspect of the
experience that excels
it all revolves around fred's ability to
swap his head with each lending a
variety of abilities to the player
ranging from stealth and life recovery
all the way to shooting projectiles and
shrinking in sight
each has their place within the game and
come into play during many of the
environmental puzzles that litter the
adventure as well as combat that in all
honesty
is the weakest part of the game as it
does not require much strategy and
simply devolves into a button-matching
affair criticism aside though for what
deadhead thread presents
it does succeed in supplying an
unforgettable adventure that deserves a
playthrough by any fan of the psp
[Music]
x-ray union is another fantastic rpg
that came from the talented developers
at atlas it is a tactical role-playing
game that sees you assuming the role of
a princess known as ugdra after the
kingdom is attacked by an imposing
empire she escapes and gathers together
a ragtag group of bandits in order to
reclaim what was taken from her now the
game follows a linear set of battles
that all take place on a grid with a
turn-based battle system taken
center stage as you would expect a wide
range of both magical
and physical based attacks are afforded
to the player but with a slight twist
the goal of each battle is not always to
simply defeat the opposing team they can
often involve just simply moving your
team
to a specific place on the map or taking
out a particular type of enemy but it
doesn't end there as cards
also play a huge role in battles as well
they afford the player a unique skill
that can be carried into battle and with
so many on offer it manages to add an
extra layer of strategy to the
proceedings as before read skirmish you
are presented with a deck and are left
to evaluate which card is best to carry
with you
although not the best rpg on the system
by any means ugly union
well and truly deserves a place on your
shelf as well
[Music]
as the name suggests skatepark city is
all about skating more specifically
skateboarding and sees the player taking
on the various parks that make up the
city it manages to take the very best
from both the tony hawk and jets at
radio games and mixes them together in
its own special way from the diverse
amount of challenges to undertake to the
insane range of tricks you can perform
skatepark city feels like a well-crafted
experience that is bound to satisfy fans
of the sport but what sets it apart from
its contemporaries is a large emphasis
upon combat and the way in which the
environment can be used to achieve
higher scores may that be by shoving
rivals into oncoming traffic or using
gliders to crash into obstacles and
continue your combo with a manual there
are so many options open to the player
that may play in skatepark city and
absolute blast
and with local multiplayer included as
well it's an experience that will just
keep on giving if it passed you by it
more than deserves to play through and
would make a welcome addition to any psp
owners collection
[Music]
brave story new traveler is an rpg that
introduces
players to a young man named tatsuya
after his friend succumbs to a
mysterious illness he is visited by a
voice that grants him the opportunity to
save her you are tasked with locating
five gems scattered throughout the
kingdom in order to restore your friend
to good health now the first thing that
will strike many
are the incredible visuals and they
really show what the psp was capable of
especially when in the hands of the
right developers each character
location and enemy all come to life in a
way that helps the experience itself
gameplay-wise it is your standard
rpg fair with battles playing out in a
turn-based fashion as you would expect a
whole range of abilities are afforded to
each party member who can all be leveled
up over the course of the adventure and
catered to your specific
style of play through the skills in
which they can learn but the standout
combat feature
has to be unity skills which allow the
player to team up with party members and
unleash devastating amounts of damage
upon the enemy for those that love
turn-based rpgs
intoxicating visuals and smooth
animations you simply just have to buy
this game well that does it for today's
video
make sure to hit subscribe so you can
stay up to date with future videos and
as always
thanks for watching
[Music]
you